<ALLISON MOANING> OH, OH.
OH, OH, OH.
OW, OW!
JAKE, GOD, I THINK
YOU'RE MAKING IT WORSE.
SORRY, B'Y.
THAT PULL-OUT IS KILLING ME.
WELL, YOU KNOW,
I WANTED TO PUT A BED IN HERE
BUT THE OLD MAN THINKS
IT'LL SEND THE WRONG SIGNAL
TO THE CLIENTS.
WELL, JAKEY, MAYBE
A BIG BOY APARTMENT'S
IN ORDER.
I DON'T KNOW,
MAYBE YOUR OWN HOUSE.
ALL DUE RESPECT,
ALLISON, PLEASE JUST
MIND YOUR OWN BUSINESS
WITH ALL THAT.
-FINE.
-OH, NOW DON'T--
LOOK, I JUST--
EVERYONE IN MY LIFE IS
CONSTANTLY GIVING ME CRAP
AND I'D REALLY, REALLY
APPRECIATE IT
IF YOU WEREN'T
ONE OF THOSE PEOPLE,
THAT'S ALL I'M SAYING.
I'M NOT GIVING YOU CRAP.
YOU ARE, KIND OF.
I'M TIRED, OKAY?
BECAUSE I HAVEN'T SLEPT.
JAKE.
COME ON.
WHAT? NOW HOW WAS THAT
MY FAULT--
<SIGHS> LOOK,
I HAVE AN IRON...
SOMEWHERE.
WELL, ACTUALLY
I DON'T OWN ONE.
FORGET IT, OKAY.
I WILL SEE YOU LATER,
OR I DON'T KNOW, WHENEVER.
[JAKE] WHENEVER.
[MARTIN] THAT WAS LOVELY.
I REALLY ENJOYED
BREAKFAST TODAY.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH, ROSE,
REALLY APPRECIATE IT.
THANKS, MAL.
YOU MADE IT
WHILE WE WERE SLEEPING.
FOR OLD TIME'S SAKE,
JUST WANTED TO SURPRISE YA.
OH, YOU CERTAINLY DID THAT.
I GOTTA WORK,
SO MAYBE YOU WANT TO, UH...
-YOU WANT ME TO LEAVE?
-YEAH.
[MAL] I JUST GOTTA
MEET JAKE DOWNTOWN--
PFF, BIG CASE.
WOW, I AM TOTALLY FREE TODAY.
IT'S WEIRD.
NO CASE, NO WORK, NO NOTHING.
IS HE HOLDING YOU
HOSTAGE OR SOMETHING?
BY THE WAY, CONGRATULATIONS
ON THE RECENT NUPTIALS,
I HEARD ALL ABOUT IT.
I WANT TO WISH YOU BOTH
ALL THE HAPPINESS.
-THANK YOU.
-WE APPRECIATE IT.
BUT, IT'S A LITTLE EARLY
IN THE MORNING
FOR THE THREE OF
YOU TO BE DRINKING,
DON'T YOU THINK?
WELL, MARTIN SURPRISED US.
-<SNIFFS>
-MADE US BREAKFAST.
I GOT A CONFESSION TO MAKE.
I ACTUALLY DO HAVE
AN ULTERIOR MOTIVE.
-GET OUT.
-I DO.
NO, I MEAN GET OUT.
I GOT A BUSINESS
OPPORTUNITY FOR YOU.
DO YOU WANT TO HEAR IT,
OR NOT?
-BUSINESS?
-YEAH.
PRETTY GOOD BUSINESS
OPPORTUNITY, TOO.
COULD MAKE US ALL RICH.
TRUST ME.
SOUNDS GREAT... NO.
YOU MIGHT WANNA LEAVE,
YOU DON'T WANNA MAKE HIM MAD.
BUT IN MY EXPERIENCE,
300 GRAND CAN CALM
ANYBODY DOWN.
WH-WH-WH-WH-WHOA.
WAIT NOW, WAIT NOW.
WHAT?
300 THOUSAND DOLLARS?
JUST LET THE MAN TALK.
HERE'S ME
WITHOUT MY PITCH NOTES.
JAKE? WHAT ARE YOU DOIN'?
JUST-- CAN'T YOU HEAR
THE MAN TALKING?
I GOT A PICTURE OF A WOMAN
CALLED TONI BURKE,
SHE'S AN ACCOUNTANT.
SHE HANDLES ALL THESE
REAL HOTSHOT CLIENTS.
AND WHAT SHE DID WAS
SHE'S EMBEZZLED MILLIONS
AND NOW THERE'S
A MASSIVE REWARD OUT THERE
FOR HER.
LET ME GUESS,
SHE JUST HAPPENS TO
BE IN TOWN RIGHT NOW?
YOU SHOULD DO THIS
FOR A LIVING.
YES, SHE'S HERE
FOR THE NEXT 12 HOURS ONLY.
DO WE LOOK LIKE
BOUNTY HUNTERS?
300 THOUSAND DOLLARS
AND YOU CAN LOOK LIKE
WHAT YOU WANT TO LOOK LIKE.
-OH, MARTIN.
-COME ON.
I JUST WANT
A LITTLE ADVENTURE.
PLUS, I CAN
USE YOUR HELP ON THIS.
-WHAT DO YOU SAY?
-[JAKE] OKAY,
WHO DID SHE ROB
THE MONEY FROM?
HER EMPLOYERS, I GUESS.
THE POINT IS THAT SHE'S HERE,
SHE'S UP FOR GRABS,
IF WE MAKE A MOVE
RIGHT NOW
WE CAN CAPITALIZE ON IT.
WHAT DO YOU SAY?
ABSOLUTELY NOT.
UH, JUST-- GIVE US A SEC.
YOU KNOW,
MAYBE HE'S TELLING THE TRUTH.
I FOR ONE, ACTUALLY,
KINDA BELIEVE HIM.
YOU SHOULD HAVE
MORE FAITH IN PEOPLE.
HE GOT ME
THROWN IN JAIL LAST YEAR.
JAKE, NOTHING IS EVER
AS IT SEEMS WITH HIM.
LOOK, I'M A BIG BOY.
I KNOW I CAN HANDLE HIM.
YOU GUYS DON'T
WANT TO DO THIS,
I'LL DO IT MYSELF.
YEAH, HE CAN'T BE ALL BAD.
OKAY, SO WE'RE GOOD THEN?
-PARTNERS?
-LET'S NOT GET AHEAD
OF OURSELVES.
OKAY, BUT I'M WATCHING YA.
AND, JAKE, I HOPE YOU KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE DOING.
SO DO I.
PARTNER.
♪OH YEAH♪
♪OH YEAH-EEE-
YEAH-EEE-YEAH-EEE-YEAH♪
♪OH YEAH-EEE-YEAH-EEE-
YEAH-EEE-YEAH♪
♪OH YEAH!♪
[MARTIN]
TONI BURKE HAS MANAGED TO SKIM
A COOL 3 MILLION BUCKS
OFF THE BOOKS...
FROM WHO SHE WAS WORKING FOR.
SO 10% OF UH--
THAT'S A FINDER'S FEE, 300K.
THAT'S WHAT WE'RE AFTER.
SHE'S AT THE AIRPORT,
LEAVING FOR MEXICO...
SO LET'S CALL IT 11 HOURS.
SO JUST SIT AND WAIT FOR HER
AT THE AIRPORT.
NO, NO, NO.
ANYONE COULD JUST SNATCH HER.
THERE'S 300 GRAND ON THE LINE,
WE GOTTA MOVE NOW.
LIKE HOW YOU THINK.
THE REWARD IS LEGIT,
IT'S ON THE FED'S WEBSITE.
THEY'VE BEEN LOOKING FOR HER
FOR ALMOST A YEAR,
BUT THEY'RE NOT SAYING WHY.
TOP SECRET STUFF,
EMBEZZLEMENT.
[JAKE]
THIS TONI, SHE DOESN'T LOOK
MUCH LIKE A CROOK TO ME.
OR AN ACCOUNTANT.
WAY BETTER LOOKING
THAN WHOEVER DOES YOUR TAXES.
I DO OUR TAXES.
-I STAND CORRECTED.
-MMM-HMM.
[MARTIN] SHE'S TRAVELING
WITH HER SISTER.
SISTER'S NAME IS
SIOBHAN MCDONAGH.
I HAVEN'T GOT
A PICTURE OF HER.
WELL, SHE APPEARS
TO BE A GHOST.
SHE'S NOT ON ANY
HOTEL REGISTRIES
OR ANYWHERE ELSE IN THIS CITY.
SHE'S A GAMBLER,
TOTAL DEGENERATE.
HOW DO YOU KNOW ALL THIS?
WELL, I'VE BEEN WORKING
ALL THE ANGLES ON THIS CASE.
BEFORE I BROUGHT IT TO YOU
I WANTED TO MAKE SURE
IT WAS 100% LEGIT.
AND YOU CAN ID THIS UH--
-THIS SISTER, SIOBHAN?
-ABSOLUTELY.
DID YOU COLOR YOUR HAIR?
YEAH. HOW DO I LOOK?
-VERY HANDSOME.
-HEY, THANK YOU.
NOW WHAT'S YOUR PLAN?
I HAVEN'T GOT A PLAN.
YOU GUYS ARE
THE PRIVATE DETECTIVES.
I'M JUST BRINING IT TO YOU.
THE ONLY THING I CAN OFFER IS,
I HAVE A CERTAIN, YOU KNOW,
FEELING FOR THE LAW.
AND FROM THE WRONG SIDE OF IT,
YOU MEAN.
WELL, DON'T--
NO NEED TO BE JUDGMENTAL
ABOUT IT.
IT DOES GIVE YOU
A CERTAIN INSIGHT,
GOTTA ADMIT THAT.
[JAKE] YOU WANNA
WORK WITH US,
YOU DO WHAT WE SAY,
ALL THE TIME,
AND WE'LL GET ALONG FINE.
-OKAY, THANKS.
-[ROSE] YEAH,
AND IF WE FIND OUT
THAT YOU'RE MESSIN' WITH US--
I WOULDN'T DREAM OF IT, OKAY?
I WANT TO DO IT YOUR WAY.
AS MY HAND TO GOD.
CAN I PUT MY PICTURE UP? OKAY?
ALL RIGHT.
IF TONI'S IN TOWN,
WE JUST GOTTA PAPER HER
PICTURE AROUND,
SHOW IT TO SOME FRIENDS.
I MEAN, IF SHE'S IN THE CITY,
SHE CAN'T BE THAT HARD
TO TRACK.
WE APPREHEND HER,
TURN HER OVER
TO THE LOCAL GUYS
FOR THE REWARD.
SIMPLE.
SO THE MYSTERY GAL,
UH, SIOBHAN,
YOU SAY SHE'S A GAMBLER?
OH, SHE LIKES CRAPS.
SHE LOVES CRAPS.
IT'S THE ONLY GAME SHE PLAYS.
IT'S A BIT EARLY, BUT...
THERE'S ONLY ONE GUY
WHO'D BE RUNNING A GAME
AT THIS TIME OF DAY.
-<FINGERS SNAPPING>
-ALL RIGHT, LISTEN,
I GOTTA GO, UH, DO SOMETHING.
I WON'T BE LONG, I PROMISE.
YOU GONNA BE OKAY
WITH YOUR NEW BFF,
THE HANDSOME EX-CON?
I THINK I LIKED HIM BETTER
WHEN HE WAS TRYIN' TO STEAL
MY WIFE.
STANDING RIGHT HERE, GUYS.
I'LL SEE YA.
<GROANING> UGH! AH!
-YOU GIVE?
-NO B'Y,
NO. <GRUNTS>
GOOD, YOU ASKED FOR IT
AND I'M BRINING IT.
OH, I CAN TAKE IT,
I CAN TAKE IT.
SEE, THAT'S WHAT
I'M TALKING ABOUT.
SEE, JAKE WILL NEVER
TAKE ME SERIOUSLY
UNTIL, LIKE--
UNTIL HE UNDERSTANDS
MY PHYSICAL PROWESS.
YOU'RE NOT EXACTLY
A CAGE FIGHTER.
TRUE, I SUFFER FROM
DIS-COORDINATION.
AND...
WELL, FEAR.
-BUT, I CAN GET PAST IT.
-WE'LL WHIP YOU INTO SHAPE.
OKAY, ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT.
YOU READY? YOU READY?
HERE WE GO.
<GROANS>
I THINK I SMELL TOAST.
I DEFINITELY SMELL TOAST.
OKAY, ALL RIGHT.
OKAY, A P.I.'S
GOTTA BE BADASS, RIGHT?
SO-- SO YOU GOTTA BE ABLE
TO TAKE A PUNCH
AS WELL AS THROW ONE.
<GROANING> AH! AH!
AT THIS RATE,
YOU'LL TAKE PLENTY.
-YOU CAN'T HALF-ASS
THIS KIND OF THING...
-<PANTING>
...OR JAKE WILL NEVER SEE YOU
AS MORE THAN A LITTLE BROTHER.
A LITTLE BROTHER? REALLY?
DID HE SAY THAT?
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT,
I'M NOT LIKE A,
A SIBLING TO YOU, AM I?
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT? NO.
-WHY?
-NO REASON.
<BOTH GRUNT>
YOU LIKE THAT?
<CHUCKLING>
YOU LIKE THAT? I GOT YA.
NICE ONE.
-<DES GROANS>
-TOO SLOW, COURTNEY.
HEY ALLISON, IT'S, UH, ME.
I JUST THOUGHT I MIGHT RUN
INTO YOU AT THE COFFEE SHOP
OR WHATEVER--
-HEY!
-ABOUT THIS MORNING--
MR. DOYLE, HEY THERE. HEY.
I'LL, UH,
CALL YOU LATER, OKAY.
I'M SORRY, ARE YOU, UH--
ARE YOU ON SOME KIND
OF BIG STAKEOUT HERE, OR?
UH, NO, NOT REALLY. I--
LOOK, I'VE BEEN MEANING
TO TALK WITH YOU-- CAN--
I'LL MEET YOU BACK
AT THE OFFICE. OKAY? THANKS.
HOW ARE YOU, MR. DOYLE?
BEST KIND.
I'M SO GLAD I RAN INTO YOU.
UH, YOU WERE
AN OFFICER, RIGHT?
-THE R.N.C.?
-A LONG TIME AGO, YEAH.
YOU MIND IF I ASK
WHAT HAPPENED THERE, OR?
[JAKE] YEAH.
OKAY. DO YOU MISS IT?
DO I MISS TAKING ORDERS
AND WEARING FUNNY LITTLE HATS?
-NO.
-NO, DO YOU MISS, UH,
THE PENSION, THE DENTAL PLAN?
WELL LUCKILY ALL OF MY TEETH
HAVE ALREADY BEEN KNOCKED OUT
AND REPLACED, SO.
<CHUCKLES>
CAN I SPEAK
OFF THE RECORD HERE?
WE'RE, UH,
THINKING OF CREATING A KIND OF
A PARTICULAR TASK FORCE,
YOU KNOW.
IT'S A CHANCING CITY
AND WE NEED TO MAKE MOVES
TO PROTECT HER.
AND I THINK A GUY LIKE YOU,
WITH YOUR TALENTS,
WILL BE A GREAT ASSET
FOR THE TEAM.
I DON'T KNOW, YOU INTERESTED?
ARE YOU OFFERING ME A JOB?
NO, NO. JUST TALKING,
JUST ASKING.
DON'T ANSWER.
I JUST WANT YOU TO--
JUST THINK ABOUT IT, OKAY?
NICE TALKING TO YA.
[MARTIN]
YOU KNOW WHAT WE COULD DO?
LET'S PRETEND WE'RE COPS,
WALK STRAIGHT IN
AND START BASHING HEADS.
WE GOTTA DO SOMETHING,
COME ON.
YOU WANT TO GO
INTO AN ILLEGAL CASINO
AT 10 IN THE MORNING
AND PRETEND WE'RE COPS? NO.
WE'RE STANDING AROUND HERE,
DOING NOTHING.
WHAT ARE WE DOING HERE,
BIRD-WATCHING?
[MAL] NO. FIRST
WE ASSESS THE SITUATION,
THEN WE COME UP
WITH A PLAN OF ATTACK.
MEASURE TWICE, CUT ONCE.
ONCE A COP, ALWAYS A COP.
WHAT KIND OF A LOWLIFE
GOES INTO A CASINO
AT 10 IN THE MORNING?
SHOULDA HIT THE ATM,
I'M GETTING LOW ON AMMO.
ANY SIGN OF 'EM?
WE WERE WAITING FOR YOU.
GET SOME IRONS
IN THE FIRE HERE.
WHAT'S GOING ON, KID?
[JAKE] FINN.
$50 BUY IN, FELLAS.
YEAH, YEAH. LOOK,
WE'RE LOOKIN' FOR 2 SISTERS,
ALL RIGHT?
DID 2 GIRLS
SHOW UP THERE THIS MORNING?
HEY, OUR CUSTOMERS
APPRECIATE THEIR PRIVACY,
YOU KNOW?
AND THIS COULD JEOPARDIZE
MY LIVELIHOOD.
I GOT PEOPLE TO SUPPORT.
FINN, YOU LIVE ALONE.
YOU KNOW, EXCEPT FOR YOUR CAT.
MAYBE THIS WILL HELP
YOUR DEPENDENTS.
OKAY, INSIDE, CRAPS TABLE.
NOW BOYS,
DON'T GO MAKIN' A RACKET.
THIS IS A NEW JOB FOR ME,
RIGHT?
SO YOU KNOW, BE DISCRETE.
-ALL RIGHT, NO PROBLEM.
-THANK YOU.
STILL A $50 MINIMUM BUY-IN,
JAKE.
<CHUCKLES> YOU KNOW,
RULES IS RULES.
YOU'RE NOT PLAYING
WITH MY MONEY.
I GOT YA, KID.
ENJOY YOUR GAME, BOYS.
-KEEP HER CLEAN.
-THANKS, FINN.
SHE'S AT THE CRAPS TABLE.
SHE'S THE BLONDE RIGHT THERE.
SEE HER?
HEY, UM, LISTEN.
DO ME A FAVOR.
ONE 50, ON 15, BLACK.
<ELECTRIC TASER CHARGING>
WHAT?
WHAT THE--
WHAT THE HELL'S THIS?
A TASER?
YEAH. WELL, NOT FOR TONI,
IT'S FOR THE BOUNTY HUNTER.
THE WHAT? THE BOUNTY HUNTER?
YOU SAID SHE WAS THE SISTER.
NO, NO. BOUNTY HUNTER.
WHA--
HE FOUND ME.
LET HER GO, SIOBHAN.
LET HER GO.
SHE'S COMIN' WITH ME.
GO HOME, OLD MAN.
THIS IS MY RETIREMENT PLAN.
WELL, I'M SORRY
TO HAVE TO TELL YA,
BUT I'M GONNA ROB
YOUR LITTLE NEST EGG.
WHOA. WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA!
-[RICK] YOU!
-<CROWD GASPS>
TAKE A BREATH, BOYS.
MARTIN?
WRISTS ON THE TABLE.
I DON'T KNOW
WHO YOU'RE DEALING WITH HERE,
BUT SHE'S MINE!
[RICK] I'M TAKING HER
WITH OR WITHOUT YOUR ARM.
I FOUND HER ONCE.
IT'LL BE EVEN EASIER
TO TRACK DOWN THE TWO OF YOU.
I WON'T BE HIDING.
YOU MIND TELLIN' US WHAT
YOU'RE NOT TELLIN' US HERE?
BACK UP. YOU, DROP THE TASER.
CUT HER LOOSE.
-WHY ME?
-SHUT UP AND DO IT!
<EXHALES>
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT,
ALL RIGHT.
WISH ME LUCK, ALL RIGHT.
-<JAKE GRUNTS>
-<CROWD SCREAMING>
HAND IT OVER.
[TONI] PLEASE!
JAKE, JAKE.
WE GOTTA STOP THEM.
POLICE! EVERYBODY'S
HANDS BEHIND THEIR HEADS.
<CROWD MUMBLES>
EVERY TIME MARTIN POOLE
COMES TO TOWN,
I END UP IN JAIL.
AW, THIS IS JUST GREAT.
ARE YOU OKAY?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
IT'S NICE, YOU KNOW,
RUNNIN' INTO YOU LIKE THIS
IN THE MIDDLE OF A WORKDAY.
I'M NOT JOKING.
WHAT ARE YOU INVOLVED IN,
EXACTLY?
I'M WORKING ON A CASE.
WHAT DO YOU WANT ME TO SAY?
WHAT DO I WANT YOU TO SAY?
UH, WELL, I DON'T KNOW,
YOU'RE IN JAIL.
IT HAPPENS, BIG DEAL.
WHATEVER THE CASE
WITH THE ACCOUNTANT,
DROP IT.
SORRY, WHAT WAS THAT?
TONI BURKE IS BIGGER
THAN YOU, JAKE.
JUST DO US BOTH A FAVOR
AND DO AS I SAY. DROP IT.
"DO AS I SAY,"
AM I HEARING YOU RIGHT?
YOU KNOW WHAT,
I DON'T HAVE TIME FOR THIS.
I-- I SHOULDN'T EVEN
BE IN HERE.
YOU KNOW,
I'M JUST GONNA PRETEND
THAT YOU ARE
SOME LOWLIFE DEGENERATE
WHO GOT PICKED UP GAMBLING
IN SOME LOWLIFE CASINO.
WELL, WHATEVER TURNS YOU ON.
YOU KNOW WHAT WOULD TURN ME ON
IS IF YOU GREW UP.
I'M SORRY, I'M NOT TRYING TO
GIVE YOU CRAP.
I CAN'T TALK TO YOU
ABOUT THIS CASE, JAKE.
IT'S HUGE.
I JUST NEED YOU TO
STAY OUT OF IT.
MS. JENKINS?
SERGEANT, MR. DOYLE.
WE'RE NOT PRESSING CHARGES,
YOU'RE FREE TO GO.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
WE'RE NOT FEEDING YA,
IF THAT'S WHAT YA THINK.
GIRLFRIEND, SHE PISSED?
LESLIE?
I WAS REFERRING
TO THE LAWYER, ALLISON.
OH, YEAH. I WAS, UM--
I--
YEAH.
THEY MUST BE SITTING ON
SOMETHING BIG.
WE CAN'T TRUST A WORD
MARTIN SAYS ANYWAY.
YEAH, I TELL YA,
I WAS REALLY LOOKING FORWARD
TO THAT PAYDAY.
MY GUT'S TELLING ME
TO WALK AWAY.
<CELLPHONE RINGING>
<CLEARS THROAT>
MARTIN, I CAN'T TALK TO YOU,
ALL RIGHT?
SO, THIS IS GOODBYE.
<MARTIN OVER THE PHONE>
NO, NO, NO, NO.
OKAY, LOOK.
YOU GOTTA GET HERE.
I GOT TROUBLE.
YOU-- HE'S GOT TROUBLE.
YOU GOT TROUBLE?
WE ARE IN JAIL, ALL RIGHT?
AND SOME GUY WITH AN AX
ALMOST TOOK OUR HEAD OFF,
PLUS HE HAD A FRIGGIN'
MACHINE GUN, FOR GOD'S SAKE.
LOOK, THERE'S A COUPLE OF
UNFORESEEN BUMPS IN THE ROAD,
I'LL GIVE YOU THAT ONE, OKAY?
BUT, LOOK,
IF YOU EVER WANT TO SEE
YOUR PRETTY LITTLE
BLUE CAR AGAIN,
YOU'LL GET YOURSELF
DOWN HERE.
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
WHAT'D YOU SAY?
I'M HERE AT, UH,
LOU'S AUTOMOTIVE,
OR SOMETHING LIKE THAT,
ON LO-GEE BAY ROAD
-DOES THAT RING A BELL?
-<JAKE ON THE PHONE>
LOGY BAY ROAD,
IT'S LOGY BAY ROAD
WHAT DO YOU MEAN
YOU GOT MY CAR?
YOU, SON--
I HAVE TO GO GET A CAB.
THANKS A LOT.
HEY.
DO YOU WANT TO NOTE
YOUR TIME OF DEATH,
OR WILL I?
RELAX, KEYS ARE
IN THE IGNITION.
EVERYTHING'S FINE,
NOT A SCRATCH ON HER.
LOOK, HOW MANY TIMES
DID I HAVE TO TELL YOU?
WE DO THIS MY WAY
OR NOT AT--
NOT AT ALL.
WHAT THE HELL IS THAT?
PLAN KINDA CHANGED, SO--
WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU?
WATCH MY BACK.
HAVE YOU LOST YOUR MIND?
JU-- JUST--
GET A HOLD OF YOURSELF,
ALL RIGHT?
HEY!
GET OUTTA HERE,
THEE GIRL COMES WITH ME!
YOU'RE A DEAD MAN!
WELL, I GET A FEELING
THAT YOUR FIREARMS
ARE IN THIS VEHICLE OVER HERE,
OTHERWISE YOU'D BE SHOOTING
BACK BY NOW.
AM I RIGHT?
GET OUTTA HERE.
GO GET YOURSELF SOME,
UH, FISH AND CHIPS
OR BOILED CABBAGE
OR SOMETHING.
RUN!
<GUNSHOT>
YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU'RE A BIGGER--
GIMME THAT--
BIGGER IDIOT
THAN I THOUGHT YOU WERE.
[MARTIN] OH GOD.
OH.
I KNEW YOU'D FIND ME.
OH. JAKE DOYLE,
I WANT YOU TO MEET
TONI BURKE, MY WIFE.
SHOW HIM THE RING, HONEY.
OKAY, THE COPS ARE
GONNA BE LOOKING FOR YOU
EVERYWHERE.
AND THEY'RE GONNA CONNECT
US TO IT, FOR SURE.
THE IMPORTANT THING IS
THAT I GOT WHAT I WANTED.
WE'RE GONNA GET YOUR MONEY--
JUST NOT FROM A BOUNTY,
I GUESS.
BUT WE'RE GONNA PAY
OUT OF OUR OWN POCKET.
CAN EVERYBODY JUST RELAX HERE?
MARTIN! WHY WEREN'T YOU
JUST STRAIGHT WITH US
FROM THE START?
WELL, I WANTED TO BE.
I JUST THOUGHT, YOU KNOW--
I DIDN'T WANT EMOTIONS
TO COME INTO PLAY HERE.
AND OF COURSE I WANTED TO
SPARE ROSIE'S FEELINGS AND--
WHY WOULD YOU HAVE TO
SPARE HER FEELINGS?
I'M JUST JOKING! YOU KNOW,
I BARELY KNOW THE WOMAN.
YOU DON'T GET-- OH, FORGET IT.
JUST RELAX.
I'M DONE WITH THIS.
CALL THE COPS.
NO, PLEASE.
I CAN'T GO TO JAIL.
THAT GUY BACK THERE,
HE WAS SENT BY THE BIKERS.
TONI HERE USED TO BE
THEIR ACCOUNTANT.
I STOLE 3 MILLION DOLLARS.
IF I GO TO JAIL, I'M DEAD.
IF I TESTIFY,
I'LL BE DEAD BEFORE THE TRIAL.
OH, THIS JUST KEEPS GETTING
BETTER AND BETTER.
[MARTIN] OF COURSE,
THE COPS WANT HER TO TESTIFY
'CAUSE SHE CAN SUPPLY DETAILS
OF THE INNER WORKINGS
OF THE WHOLE ORGANIZATION.
YOU GET IT.
THE BIKERS CAN FIND ME
ANYWHERE.
THAT MEANS WE HAVE TO
KEEP ON THE MOVE.
OH, YEAH, WE GOTTA KEEP
ON THE MOVE.
WHAT-- WHY WOULD YOU WANT TO
SPARE HER FEELINGS?
OKAY, WE USED TO BE MARRIED,
OKAY?
OH, BOY.
LONG TIME AGO.
-YOU WERE MARRIED TO HER.
-YEAH.
IT'S OKAY, HONEY.
DON'T BE LIKE THAT.
HOW LONG? HOW LONG WERE YOU
MARRIED TO HER?
20 YEARS. GIVE OR TAKE.
-<ANGRILY> WHAT?
-JUST BE COOL ABOUT THIS.
-YOU WERE MARRIED TO HER?
-YOU KNOW YOU'RE THE ONE
THAT I LOVE--
-I TOLD YOU THAT ALREADY.
-YOU MARRIED HER 20 YEARS AGO.
- I THINK YOU NEED SHUT UP.
-RELAX.
THERE'S PEOPLE HERE.
IF YOU GET US OUT OF DODGE,
I SWEAR TO GOD
I'LL PAY YOU THE 300 GRAND.
AS SOON AS WE GET THE CASH.
AS SOON AS YOU GET IT?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
SHE STOLE 3 MILLION DOLLARS
FROM THE BIKERS.
[MARTIN] OFFSHORE.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
SHE SMUGGLED IT OUT
IN HER PURSE
-EVERY NIGHT
FROM THE CLUBHOUSE?
-<SIRENS IN DISTANCE>
WE SPENT EVERYTHING WE HAD
HIDING HER OUT HERE.
FINE, WHATEVER.
WE'RE GONNA DROP YOU OFF
AT A BUS STATION. UNDERSTAND?
WE DON'T WANT YOUR MONEY.
JUST WANT YOUR WORD
THAT YOU'LL WALK AWAY
AND NEVER COME BACK.
[ROSE AND TONI] HERE HERE.
EITHER WAY, UH,
THE COPS ARE PROBABLY
WAITING FOR YOU DOWNSTAIRS
RIGHT NOW.
SO I HAVE A PLAN.
WE HAVE TO SPLIT UP.
SPLIT UP?
WE CAN TALK ABOUT
THE WHOLE MONEY THING
AFTER, YOU KNOW--
WHEN DAD'S NOT AROUND.
<PHONE RINGING>
I'M DES COURTNEY, JUNIOR P.I.,
DOYLE AND DOYLE
INVESTIGATIONS.
<JAKE ON THE PHONE>
WHATEVER, JUST SHUT UP.
ALL RIGHT?
I NEED YOU AND TINNY
TO GET DOWN HERE RIGHT AWAY.
NO PROBLEM, BRO.
UH, WHATEVER YOU NEED,
I GOT YOUR BACK, BRO.
WHY DO YOU KEEP
CALLING ME "BRO?"
WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU?
YOU SOUND LIKE AN IDIOT.
YOU GOT IT, WHATEVER YOU NEED,
NO MATTER HOW GRUELING.
AND JAKE?
UH, JAKE? JAKE?
-SUBTLE.
-BROTHERS ALWAYS
UNDERSTAND EACH OTHER.
IT'S GONNA TAKE
MORE THAN JUST WORDS, DES.
OKAY, COME WITH ME.
AND BRING THE PAIN KILLERS.
HOLD ON A SECOND, JAKE.
I TOLD YOU
TO STAY OUT OF THIS.
HI, HOW YOU DOING?
MA'AM, TAKE OFF YOUR COAT.
MA'AM?
MIGRAINE.
THE LIGHT AGGRAVATES IT
LIKE CRAZY.
WHAT DID YOU DO?
ME? I-- I DIDN'T DO ANYTHING.
IF YOU'RE LYING, JAKE.
I SWEAR TO GOD.
<SIGHS>
[DES] UH, WHAT ARE WE
DOING HERE, MR. POOLE?
WE GOTTA GET THEM
TO THE BUS STATION,
AND IT MIGHT TAKE SOME MUSCLE.
I'M TRYING TO FIND
THAT WEIRD LITTLE GUY
THAT RUNS THIS PLACE.
HE STILL OWES, UH,
TONI HERE, LIKE 800 BUCKS.
WE'RE GOING TO MONTREAL,
WE NEED SOME CASH.
I THOUGHT YOU HAD
3 MILLION BUCKS
WELL NOT ON ME, SWEETHEART.
-YEAH, BUT THIS IS
IN AND OUT, RIGHT?
-YEAH.
'CAUSE JAKE TRUSTED ME
TO GET YOU TO THE BUS STATION.
OH, YEAH. OF COURSE.
AS SOON AS WE GET THE CASH--
-<TASER BUZZING>
-<GASPS>
OH, CRAP.
TONI.
THIS IS NOT HAPPENING.
YES, IT IS.
MA'AM, MA'AM.
I'M GONNA HAVE TO INSIST
THAT YOU DROP THE TASER.
-IS THAT RIGHT?
-MMM-HMM.
<GROANS>
DON'T TELL JAKE.
WHY DON'T I JUST
SAVE YOU SOME BATTERIES
AND GET DOWN.
PROBABLY IN YOUR
BEST INTEREST.
LET'S GO.
<MARTIN GROANING>
<DES GRUNTS>
SHUT UP.
<CELL PHONE RINGS>
DES?
DID YOU GET 'EM
TO THE BUS STATION ON TIME?
SHE TOOK TONI.
SHE HAD A TASER,
THERE WAS NOTING WE COULD DO.
DES TRIED.
OH MY GOD, TINNY.
I AM SO SORRY.
I SHOULD HAVE NEVER
GOT YOU INVOLVED IN ALL THIS.
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
I'M FINE.
THEY'RE A LITTLE SPUN, BUT--
UH, ON THE WAY OUT
TONI DROPPED A NAPKIN
FROM THE HIGHLAND HOTEL.
OKAY, GREAT. GOOD WORK.
<TINNY ON THE PHONE>
LISTEN, TAKE DES WITH YOU.
HE DID GOOD.
LIKE, HE DID TERRIBLE,
BUT HE WAS TRYING.
GIVE HIM A CHANCE.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
ARE YOU GOING SOFT ON ME?
NO. COME ON, JAKE.
HE LOOKS UP TO YOU.
ALL RIGHT, FINE.
WHATEVER, I'LL TAKE DES.
YOU JUST TELL HIM
TO MEET ME THERE
AND STAY OUT OF MY WAY,
OR WHATEVER.
<DES GRUNTS>
I'M OKAY. I'M OKAY.
BILL.
HEY, YOU.
<CHUCKLES> HEY.
HOW DO YOU HAVE TIME
TO BE DOWN HERE?
-<CHUCKLES>
-DON'T YOU GOT A CITY TO RUN?
YEAH, YEAH--
NO, I WAS JUST, UH--
JUST LOOKING
INTO SOMETHING HERE.
WHAT'S THIS?
OH, YOU KNOW, I WAS JUST, UH,
CHECKING A REFERENCE.
JAKE DOYLE? WHAT ARE YOU--
YOU HIRING A P.I.
TO SPY ON ME?
<CHUCKLES>
UH, NO. NOT QUITE.
IS HE, UH--
BILL, IS HE BOTHERING YOU?
IS HE CAUSING YOU TROUBLE?
I'D RATHER NOT TALK ABOUT IT,
HONESTLY, UH.
IT'S AWKWARD, BUT, UH,
LET'S JUST SAY
IT'S ABOVE YOUR PAY GRADE.
OH. OKAY.
I'M SORRY.
JUST ONE OF THE COMPLICATIONS
OF YOU AND ME, YOU KNOW?
THIS STUFF,
YOU CAN'T TAKE IT PERSONALLY.
I GET IT.
I DON'T.
UH, I WOULDN'T.
GREAT.
WELL, I'LL SEE YOU LATER,
AND, UH...
-I'LL SEE YA. BYE.
-SEE YA.
-<CELLPHONE RINGING>
-HIGHLAND HOTEL,
YOU FOUND THE PLACE.
WAS THERE A LOT OF TRAFFIC?
DID YOU HAVE TROUBLE
FINDING IT?
-YEAH?
-<LESLIE ON THE PHONE> JAKE,
WHY IS THE MAYOR
PUTTING REFERENCE CHECKS
ON YOU?
WHAT THE HELL
ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
LOOK, DON'T LIE TO ME.
LESLIE, WHY WOULD I
LIE TO YOU?
ARE YOU MESSING
IN MY LIFE HERE?
ARE YOU MESSING WITH HIM?
WHY WOULD I BE
MESSING IN YOUR LIFE?
JAKE, I KNOW THERE'S SOMETHING
BETWEEN US.
I KNOW THAT.
BUT YOU GOTTA LET ME
GET ON WITH MY LIFE.
OKAY? BILL IS GOOD TO ME.
WOULD YOU PLEASE,
DON'T MESS WITH THIS?
LESLIE, I AM NOT MESSING
WITH ANYTHING.
HE, UH, I THINK, MAYBE--
HE OFFERED ME A JOB
OR WHATEVER.
MAYBE THAT'S IT.
A JOB?
YEAH. AND LOOK, TRUST ME.
YOU MADE YOURSELF VERY CLEAR.
YOU DON'T WANT ANYTHING
TO DO WITH ME. THAT'S FINE.
SO...
HAVE A NICE LIFE.
HEY, HEY, HEY!
IS THAT THE...
THE BOUNTY HUNTER'S CAR?
PRETTY GOOD P.I. WORK, HUH?
I MEAN, NOT TO TAKE
ANYTHING AWAY FROM YOU.
I THINK YOU'RE REALLY
GOOD AT YOUR JOB.
I THINK YOU'RE
REALLY GOOD AT YOUR JOB.
-I AM NOT IN THE MOOD.
-OKAY, SHUTTING UP
RIGHT NOW.
SO, TASER'S NOT SO BAD, HEY?
I MEAN,
I'M STILL WALKING RIGHT?
I'M JUST A LITTLE SHAKEN
FROM ENDURANCE TRAINING,
WORKING OUT.
WHAT IS THIS?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
I JUST FEEL LIKE WE'RE,
CUT FROM THE SAME CLOTH,
YOU KNOW?
TOUGH AS HAMMERS.
TOUGH AS NAILS.
I KNOW THAT YOU'RE ALWAYS
IN MY WAY,
AND, UH, YOU'RE ALWAYS
GETTING ON MY NERVES,
AND YOU'RE ALWAYS
ANNOYING THE HELL OUT OF ME...
YEAH?
BUT YOU GOTTA KNOW,
YOU DON'T...
NEED TO BE LIKE ME, OKAY?
IN FACT, DON'T BE LIKE ME.
YOU CAN DO MUCH BETTER.
JUST BE YOURSELF.
BE...
DES.
<TONI IN MUFFLED VOICE>
HELP!
-<RATTLING IN TRUNK>
-[TONI] HELP!
YOU HEAR THAT?
SOMEONE IS IN THE TRUNK.
[TONI]
MARTIN. MARTIN, IS THAT YOU?
-HELLO!
-HELP!
-[TONI] MARTIN, PLEASE--
-TONI!
-<TASER BUZZING>
-HANG ON--
NIGHTY NIGHT.
AH!
<PANTING>
WHO ARE YOU?
TONI BURKE, NICE TO MEET YOU.
WHERE ARE WE?
OH, WINE CELLAR.
-SHE LOCKED US IN HERE?
-<JAKE GROANS>
HOW'S YOUR HEAD?
IT HURTS.
SO WHERE IS
THE HAPPY BOUNTY HUNTER?
SIOBHAN?
YOU PISSED HER OFF.
SHE'S PROBABLY AT THE CASINO.
SMALL VICTORIES
SEEM TO SPAWN HER ADDICTION.
OBVIOUSLY SHE'LL BE BACK.
SO, WE GOTTA FIND
A WAY OUT OF HERE.
I ALREADY TRIED THAT.
-<GRUNTS>
-[TONI] WE'RE HERE.
MAY AS WELL
ENJOY OURSELVES, RIGHT?
<PANTING>
GIVE ME THAT.
I MEANT THE CORKSCREW.
OH.
WHAT THE HELL.
AH.
THAT'S NOT BAD.
[MARTIN] GOSH, THAT'S RIGHT.
I JUST LOVE HER SO MUCH.
OH.
-NO OFFENSE.
-OH GOSH, NO. NONE TAKEN.
-[MARTIN] ARE YOU SURE?
-[ROSE] BELIEVE ME.
-COME ON, JAKE.
-<RINGING>
ANSWER THE PHONE. COME ON.
CAN'T FIND JAKE.
I HOPE HE GETS HERE IN TIME.
TRY NOT TO WORRY.
IT'S HARD NOT TO.
BOY, YOU MUST BE PROUD
OF THAT SON OF YOURS.
-YEAH.
- I'M VERY IMPRESSED WITH HIM.
-YOU WANT A DROP?
-OH, PLEASE.
GRAND IDEA, I'LL GET IT.
UH, WELL, STRAIGHT UP,
SPLASH OF WATER, RIGHT?
[MARTIN] YOU GOT AN AMAZING
WOMAN.
YOU'RE A LUCKY MAN.
SHE AMAZES ME EVERYDAY.
YOU STAY THE HELL
AWAY FROM HER.
HEY, WHERE'S TONI?
-<SIGHS>
-[MAL] DES?
WHERE'S JAKE?
WHO GETS TASERED TWICE
IN ONE DAY?
-REALLY, IT'S NOT FAIR.
-[ROSE] AW, BABY.
YOU SMELL LIKE BURNING HAIR.
WHERE'S TONI?
ME AND JAKE, WE FOUND TONI,
AND THEN, THE EVIL TASER,
BOUNTY HUNTER LADY--
SHE ZAPPED ME AND THEN SHE
TOOK OFF WITH JAKE AND TONI.
AW. OKAY,
WHERE ARE THEY NOW, DES?
<SIGHS> AW, TRACK HIM.
I SHOULD'VE HAD JAKE'S BACK.
DES? WHERE'S JAKE? COME ON.
I PUT...
I PUT A PHONE IN JAKE'S BUG.
IS THIS KID ON DRUGS?
UH, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
I PUT A BUG IN JAKE'S PHONE
A COUPLE WEEKS AGO,
IN CASE SOMETHING LIKE THIS
HAPPENED.
IT'S ON--
IT'S ON MY, UH,--
MY, UH--
IT'S ON MY LAPTOP.
-LAPTOP!
-OH, A BUG ON THE COMPUTER.
-MAL, MAL.
-WHAT?
IS CAKE A FOOD GROUP?
WE GOTTA GET HIM LOOKED AT.
DES.
[TONI] WHO KNOWS?
I MEAN, IF WE WEREN'T
IN THIS MESS,
MAYBE MARTIN AND I,
WE WOULDN'T HAVE
NEVER HAVE HAPPENED.
YEAH WELL,
THERE'S NOTHING LIKE...
<LAUGHING>
BEING CHASED BY BIKERS,
A BOUNTY HUNTER,
AND LAW ENFORCEMENT
TO GET A MARRIAGE
ALL SPICED UP.
HE'S NOT LIKE THAT.
HE'S-- HE'S, UM...
CREEPY EX-CON?
<LAUGHING>
NO! NO, JAKE.
WE WERE MADE FOR EACH OTHER.
THE MOMENT WE MET,
WE WERE IN LOVE.
REALLY?
WE FIGHT LIKE PIT BULLS, BUT--
MMM.
HE PUSHES ME
AND THAT'S WHAT HE DOES.
HE PUSHES ME, AND YOU KNOW,
HE MAKES ME A BETTER PERSON.
AND, EVERYONE SHOULD BE
AS LUCKY AS I AM
TO HAVE SOMEONE LIKE HIM.
YEAH, WELL,
WHATEVER FLOATS YOUR BOBBER.
PEOPLE THINK
THAT THEY'RE IN LOVE,
AND THEN IT ACTUALLY
HAPPENS TO 'EM.
AND IT'S AMAZING.
MAYBE IT'S HAPPENED TO YOU.
YEAH.
MAYBE.
<LOCK SNAPS>
<TONI EXCLAIMS>
-I THINK I GOT IT.
-WOO HOO!
YOU KNOW, JAKE,
I AM REALLY, REALLY SORRY.
BUT HOW DO I KNOW
YOU'RE NOT GONNA
TURN ME IN TO THE BIKERS?
WHAT? OH.
[ROSE] HEY.
-WHAT HAPPENED?
-WELL, THE POOR THING
GOT TASERED AGAIN.
OKAY. IS HE OKAY?
YEAH, I'M GONNA TAKE HIM
TO THE DOCTOR,
BUT I THINK HE'LL BE FINE.
WHATEVER.
HE CAN'T GET ANY WORSE, EH?
YOU LOOK KINDA WORRIED.
-WORRIED?
-YEAH.
NO, I'M NOT.
OKAY.
WE ALL LOVE HIM
AND WORRY ABOUT HIM,
IT'S OKAY.
IT'S NOTHING TO BE
EMBARRASSED ABOUT.
LET'S JUST GET HIM
IN THE CAR, OKAY?
DESMOND.
-COME ON, DEAR, GET UP.
-[TINNY] DES.
-YOU'RE FINE.
-COME ON.
-COME ON, YOU'RE FINE.
-COME ON BUDDY.
THAT'S IT, COME ON.
-GOOD GUY.
-LET'S GET YOU IN THE CAR.
OKAY, OKAY, THAT'S IT.
THERE WE GO.
YOU LOOK PRETTY GOOD.
-YELLOW.
-YEAH,
YELLOW IS A GOOD
COLOR FOR YOU.
<GROANS>
OH MAN, MARTIN.
THAT WIFE OF YOURS,
SHE'S A REAL DOLL.
[MARTIN] OKAY, WHERE'S TONI?
WHERE DID SHE GO?
WHERE'S TONI?
-<JAKE GRUNTS>
-HUH?
SHE BASHED ME IN THE HEAD,
AND THEN SHE BAILED.
THAT'S HER.
SHE'S GOT TRUST ISSUES.
WE GOTTA FIND HER
BEFORE THE BIKERS FIND HER.
YEAH, ROSE TOOK DES
TO THE HOSPITAL.
I BETTER GO PICK 'EM UP.
I GOTTA FIND TONI.
I GOT A PLAN, I THINK.
GOTTA FIND HER.
THINK IT MIGHT WORK.
IT'S OUR ONLY OPTION.
GUYS, I NEED A RIDE.
[JAKE]
I DON'T ACTUALLY HAVE HER,
BUT I THINK I CAN GET HER.
YOU'RE HARBORING A FUGITIVE.
DO YOU KNOW WHAT KIND
OF TROUBLE YOU'RE IN?
I THINK I HAVE A, UM--
A SOLUTION,
THAT WILL BENEFIT
BOTH MUTUAL PARTIES.
-IS THAT RIGHT?
-YES.
YOU JUST HAVE TO
HEAR ME OUT, OKAY?
OKAY, SO,
TONI NEEDS TO TESTIFY
AGAINST THE BIKERS, RIGHT?
IN MONTREAL.
SO, WHAT IF WE SET A TRAP
TO LURE OUT THE BIKER DUDE.
AND THEN YOU CAPTURE HIM,
AND THEN YOU GET TONI.
BUT YOU GOTTA PROMISE,
THOUGH, THAT, UH,
TONI AND MARTIN,
THEY'LL BE SAFE.
AND YOU PUT THEM IN,
LIKE A WITNESS--
A PROTECTION OR SOMETHING.
THAT'S EXACTLY
WHAT WE'VE BEEN
TRYING TO DO, JAKE.
THIS IS A HUGE CASE
ON BOTH SIDES OF THE BORDER,
AND WE NEED HER TESTIMONY
AND THE MONEY.
NO PROBLEM.
I JUST GOTTA FIND HER
BEFORE THE BOUNTY HUNTER
FINDS HER.
AND BEFORE THE BIKERS
FIND HER.
HELLO.
ARE YOU DRUNK?
SORT OF.
IT WAS A WORK DRINKING THING.
DON'T BE LIKE THAT.
<CELL PHONE RINGING>
HELLO.
-MEET ME AT THE OFFICE.
-<JAKE ON THE PHONE> MARTIN.
WHERE ARE YOU?
DO YOU HAVE HER?
ARE YOU THERE?
THINK HE HUNG UP.
DID THEY GET HER?
I DON'T KNOW.
BUT, YOU JUST GIVE ME AN HOUR
AND I--
I WILL, UM,
SORT THIS OUT.
OKAY?
OKAY, I HAVE BEEN DRINKING
A LITTLE BIT, OBVIOUSLY.
AND I JUST,
I NEED TO GET A CAB.
<CLEARS THROAT>
DO YOU HAVE ANY MONEY?
<JAKE CLEARS THROAT>
MARTIN.
WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED?
I'M SORRY, JAKE.
I DIDN'T GET MUCH CHOICE.
<BIRD SCREECHING>
WHERE'S THE GIRL?
OH, BUDDY.
YOU GOT SERIOUS ANGER ISSUES.
I DON'T THINK YOU'RE READY
FOR A GIRLFRIEND RIGHT NOW.
[MARTIN] WHAT DID I DO?
LOOK, IF YOU WANT A GIRL,
I GOT HER NUMBER
IN MY PHONE, I'LL--
WE CAN DO THIS ALL DAY.
BUT THIS, THE BLUNT END
OF THIS IS GONNA BREAK
YOUR SHINS.
IF I KNEW ANYTHING,
I'D TELL YA.
I SWEAR TO GOD,
I'M NOT REALLY THE STRONG,
SILENT TYPE.
<KNOCKING ON DOOR>
-[LESLIE] JAKE,
WOULD YOU OPEN THE DOOR?
-SHH. SHH.
[LESLIE] I CAN HEAR YOU
IN THERE.
<KNIFE CLICKS>
CAN WE JUST TALK? PLEASE.
<WHISPERS> DON'T DO
ANYTHING STUPID.
LET'S GO.
SAY THE WRONG THING
AND THE FIRST BULLET'S GOING
INTO HER HEAD.
<JAKE CLEARS THROAT>
THIS IS NOT REALLY A VERY
GOOD TIME.
[LESLIE] LOOK, I SHOULDN'T
HAVE SAID WHAT I SAID.
I'M OBVIOUSLY A LITTLE
SENSITIVE WHEN IT COMES
TO US, SO.
ARE YOU OKAY?
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU?
UH, SLEPT FUNNY.
<SIGHS> YEAH, I SHOULD REALLY
GET BACK TO WHAT
I WAS DOING, SO--
OH, YOU'RE NOT ALONE. SORRY.
I AM ALONE.
I AM ALONE, I'M ALONE.
ARE YOU SURE YOU'RE OKAY?
YEAH, THIS? NO, I JUST--
<SCOFFS>
I WOKE UP AND I-- YOU KNOW ME,
I'M AN IDIOT,
I FELL OVER,
AND I SMACKED MY HEAD.
I JUST WANTED TO TELL YOU
THAT I'M SORRY
AND I'VE BEEN THINKING
ABOUT THIS FOR A WHILE,
AND JAKE, YOU WERE,
YOU WERE RIGHT.
NO, NO. I'M NEVER RIGHT.
THAT'S JUST CRAZY TALK.
I WAS THINKING. I CAN'T STOP
THINKING ABOUT YOU.
ABOUT US.
WHY ARE WE DOING THIS?
WHY ARE WE DOING THIS, JAKE?
WHY ARE WE HIDING
FROM THE TRUTH?
IT'S STUPID.
HAVE YOU EVER THOUGHT WHAT IF?
YOU AND ME, I MEAN.
<CLICKS TONGUE> NO.
I HAVEN'T. SO, GO AWAY NOW.
<SCOFFS> WHAT?
[JAKE] JUST GO AWAY.
LESLIE, I DON'T WANT YOU HERE.
GO AWAY, GO AWAY. BYE. SEE YA.
JAKE, WHAT ARE--
LOOK, WHAT DO YOU
WANT ME TO SAY?
OKAY, WE GAVE IT A SHOT,
AND YOU, UM,
YOU KIND OF BROKE
MY HEART, SO.
WHAT'S LEFT TO, UH,
DEBATE ABOUT, RIGHT?
JUST, LIKE YOU TO LEAVE.
LEAVE! PLEASE.
I'M SORRY.
THIS WAS A MISTAKE.
THAT WAS HEAVY, MAN.
SORRY ABOUT THAT.
YEAH, WELL--
REALLY.
WHY DON'T YOU GO
SCREW YOURSELF?
NICE, NICE! GO!
GO RIGHT NOW.
FIND HER. FIND TONI!
<INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS>
<SOBBING>
<EXHALES DEEPLY>
[ALLISON] MMM-HMM. YES.
MMM-HMM.
YES, OF COURSE, MR. MAYOR.
I AGREE.
I WOULD HATE TO SEE THE R.N.C.
LOOK FOOLISH ON YOUR WATCH.
YES, IF THE DOYLES FIND HER,
WE'LL JUST HAVE TO LEAN
ON THEM.
WELL, THAT'S THEIR PROBLEM.
THEY NEED TO LEARN
THAT THEY CAN'T MESS WITH
THE RESPECT OF THE R.N.C.
YES, WELL,
I'LL KEEP YOU POSTED.
YEAH-- YOU JUST LET ME WORRY
ABOUT JAKE DOYLE.
<SIGHS>
<EXHALES DEEPLY>
<DOOR CLOSES>
[JAKE] TONI,
THEY'VE GOT MARTIN.
I GOTTA SEE YOU RIGHT NOW.
TONI!
OH, MY GOD, WHAT--
ARE YOU OKAY?
YEAH, YEAH,
NEVER MIND ABOUT THAT.
LOOK, HE'S GOT YOUR HUSBAND.
AND IF YOU WANT HIM TO LIVE,
WE'VE ONLY GOT ONE OPTION.
WHATEVER IT TAKES.
<PANTING>
YEAH, IT'S, UH, ME.
I'VE GOT WHAT
YOU'RE LOOKING FOR.
WE NEED TO MAKE A TRADE.
[RICK] NO ONE NEEDS
TO GET SHOT.
THE OLD MAN FOR THE GIRL,
LIKE YOU SAID ON THE PHONE.
I DON'T WANT YOU HERE,
I DON'T WANT HER
INVOLVED WITH THIS.
WOULD YOU SHUT UP?
WE, UH, GOT A SLIGHT CHANGE
IN, UH, PLAN HERE.
STILL DO A TRADE.
BUT I DON'T WANT THIS TOOL.
YOU KNOW WHAT A PAIN
IN THE ASS HE'S BEEN?
WE HAD A DEAL.
I KNOW WE HAVE A DEAL,
BUT I HAVE DEBTS.
YOU WANT CASH? SURE.
NO, NO, NO, NO CASH, OKAY?
I CAN'T TRUST THAT IT'S NOT
SOME COUNTERFEIT CRAP
THAT YOU'RE GONNA HAND OFF
TO ME, OR,
OR MARKED BILLS OR SOMETHING.
I WANT COCAINE.
AW, COME ON.
ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR MIND?
THAT'S AN EXCELLENT QUESTION.
YOU'RE A HIGH ROLLER, RIGHT?
YOU MUST HAVE A COUPLE OF
BRICKS OF COKE
BACK THERE WORTH
AT LEAST 100 GRAND.
YEAH, THEY'RE GONNA KILL HER.
DON'T YOU GET HOW THAT WORKS?
ALL RIGHT. IT DOESN'T MATTER.
YOU WON'T LIVE LONG ENOUGH
TO SELL IT.
[JAKE] YEAH, WELL, I'LL WAIT.
COME ON, JAKE.
MAKE HIM SING.
HE BETTER NOT SCREW
THIS UP, MALACHY.
AH, HE'LL GET IT DONE.
I FEEL LIKE
I'M AT THE KID'S TABLE AGAIN.
YOU KNOW,
IF I HADN'T LET MARTIN
TALK ME INTO GOING
INTO A CASINO,
THEY'D BE LONG GONE BY NOW.
ACTUALLY, YEAH,
IT KINDA IS YOUR FAULT.
WHAT DO I DO?
I DON'T KNOW, DES.
BUT IF YOU'RE GOING
TO EARN JAKE'S RESPECT,
YOU'RE GOING TO
HAVE TO STEP IT UP.
I'M JUST GIVING YOU
THE GEARS, BUD.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT SO MUCH.
YEAH, BUT YOU'RE RIGHT.
HOLY CRAP,
HOLY CRAP, HOLY CRAP.
ISN'T THAT THE, THE BOUNTY
HUNTER LADY WHO TASERED ME?
-YEAH, THAT'S HER.
-MAN OH MAN.
CHILL OUT.
SHE'S GOING TO RUIN
THE WHOLE STING.
OKAY, YOU, UH-- YOU WAIT HERE.
<TASER CHARGING>
WHERE DID YOU GET THAT--
DES?
I'M THE KIND OF GUY
THAT BRINGS A TASER
TO A TASER FIGHT,
YOU KNOW? YOU KNOW?
YOU CAN'T AFFORD
THE BRAIN CELLS
IF SHE ZAPS YOU AGAIN!
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
DO YOU ENJOY HURTING OTHERS?
WHAT?
I'M HERE TO SAY NO.
I'VE HAD ENOUGH.
AND THE WORLD HAS TOO.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
UH. UH. AHH, TINNY!
[MARTIN] I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU'RE SELLING ME OUT.
ANYTHING HAPPENS TO HER,
I SWEAR TO GOD, I'LL GET YOU.
SHUT UP.
THERE YOU GO.
THAT'LL NET YOU
100 THOUSAND DOLLARS.
YOU'LL NEVER GET
A CHANCE TO SELL IT.
WHAT IS IT?
IT'S COCAINE. IT'S THE BIGGEST
MISTAKE YOU EVER MADE.
HAND OVER THE GIRL!
IT'S BEEN A PLEASURE
DOING BUSINESS WITH YOU.
I MEAN, EXCEPT FOR
THE PART WHERE YOU WERE,
YOU KNOW,
BEATING THE CRAP OUT OF ME.
YEAH, YOU'RE WELCOME.
ABSOLUTELY. IN 3, 2, 1.
AW! IT WOULD HAVE BEEN AWESOME
IF THAT HAD WORKED.
PUT YOUR GUN DOWN, NOW!
PUT THE GUN DOWN NOW. FREEZE!
IT WORKED.
[POLICE] PUT IT DOWN! NOW!
MARTIN!
HA-HA. HEY BABY,
HOW YOU DOIN'?
THAT WAS GREAT.
BEAUTIFULLY. I KNEW IT,
I KNEW HE WAS PULLING
SOMETHING HERE.
[POLICE] GOT
ANYTHING ELSE ON YOU?
WE GOT A SET OF
BRACELETS HERE FOR YOU--
I KNEW YOU HAD
A PLAY ON THERE.
DID YOU SEE
HOW I BACKED IT UP?
YEAH, YOU WERE A REAL PRO.
SO WERE YOU.
YOU WANT TO SO BAD?
YEAH, YOU WANT TO
SHOOT? GO AHEAD.
LESLIE, DON'T SHOOT.
DON'T SHOOT.
HOLD FIRE.
ALL RIGHT, I GOT
A WAY OUT OF THIS.
IT'S GONNA BE FINE.
PUT THE GUN DOWN, MARTIN!
[MARTIN] ANYBODY
FOLLOWS ME AND
I'LL STICK ONE RIGHT IN HIS
DUMBASS HEAD. YOU GOT THAT?
LET YOUR LITTLE
BUDDIES KNOW, TOO.
YEAH, YOU'RE DRIVING.
[MARTIN] OKAY,
JUST TAKE IT EASY.
SORRY ABOUT
THE CHEAP THEATRICS
BUT I REALLY HAD TO
MAKE IT LOOK REAL.
YEAH, WELL, YOU COULD HAVE
JUST ASKED ME FOR A RIDE.
PLUS, THERE'S NO
BULLETS IN THE GUN.
WHY WOULD YOU
TAKE A GUN LIKE THIS
TO THE O-K CORRAL
WITH NO BULLETS IN IT?
I DON'T LIKE BULLETS.
OR GUNS, REALLY.
FOR ME AND TONI,
THIS IS IT, JAKE.
UH, THIS IS OUR
ONE LAST CHANCE.
NOW YOUR GAG
WORKED PRETTY GOOD
WITH THE COKE THERE,
YOU DREW THE GUY OUT.
NOW YOUR COP GIRLFRIEND THERE,
IF SHE CAN'T FLIP THIS GUY,
NOBODY CAN. RIGHT?
YEAH, I THINK YOU'RE
RIGHT ABOUT THAT.
YEAH, SO WE'RE COOL.
COPS DON'T NEED ME ANYMORE.
WE ARE COOL.
SORRY ABOUT THE WINE BOTTLE.
COULDN'T BE SURE.
OH, MAKE SURE
YOU SAY GOODBYE TO MAL
AND ROSE FOR ME, WILL YA?
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
AND LISTEN, UH, ENJOY MEXICO.
[MARTIN] THANK YOU!
[MARTIN] WHERE DO YOU THINK
YOU'RE GOING?
[TONI] I'M DRIVING--
YEAH, DAD. IT'S DONE.
IT LOOKS LIKE
THEY'RE GOING TO BE OKAY.
WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO?
DON'T KNOW WHY YOU INSIST
ON NEVER PUTTING
BULLETS IN A GUN,
BUT IT WAS A GOOD PLAN.
NICE WORK, SON.
WHAT A DAY.
OH, NEVER A DULL MOMENT.
WHAT'S THIS?
ADMIT IT, YOU HAD FUN. MARTIN.
P.S. I.O.U. 300 THOUSAND.
WHATEVER.
I'M JUST GLAD HE'S GONE.
UGH. ME TOO. ME TOO.
SO, REAL HUSBAND,
WHAT DO YOU SAY?
BED?
RACE YA UPSTAIRS.
ON YOUR MARK. GET SET.
GO!
OH, YOU GET A HEAD START,
YOU PUSHED ME--
OH.
<KNOCKING>
HMM.
HI.
CAN WE TALK?
ABSOLUTELY. COME IN.
I WANTED TO
TELL YOU SOMETHING.
NO, NO. I KNOW YOU DO.
PLEASE, ME FIRST, OKAY?
ABOUT BEFORE, I, I DIDN'T
MEAN ANYTHING I SAID.
I GET IT.
NO, YOU DON'T GET IT.
I HAD A BIKER'S GUN
TO MY HEAD.
REALLY?
YES, REALLY.
PLUS, THERE WAS AN AXE.
AH, I SEE.
ANYWAY, FORGET ABOUT ALL THAT.
THE POINT IS, UM, I HAD TO GET
YOU OUT OF HERE VERY QUICKLY
BECAUSE HE WAS
GOING TO KILL YOU.
AND, UM, HAD TO SAY
A LOT OF THINGS,
AND, THE HONEST TRUTH IS
I DIDN'T MEAN ANY OF THEM.
YEAH, BUT MAYBE
YOU WERE RIGHT.
NO, NO. NO.
NO, I'M NEVER
RIGHT ABOUT ANYTHING.
JAKE, WE CAN'T DO THIS.
NO, I GUESS WE CAN'T, EH?
I HAVE A GIRLFRIEND,
FOR GOD'S SAKE.
WHAT AM I SAYING?
SHE SEEMS NICE.
YEAH.
WELL, THE MAYOR, YOU KNOW,
MAYBE HE'S NOT THE SPAZ
I THOUGHT HE WAS. YOU KNOW?
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
YEAH, I'M FINE.
THIS IS GONNA HURT.
OW!
KEEP IT UP,
DON'T BE A SULK.
HOLD STILL.